Hello everyone. Welcome to a new episode of The
Dissenter. I'm your host, as always, Ricardo Lops, and
today I'm joined by Nicole Carley. She's a health
and science journalist, and today we're talking about her
book Your Brain on Altruism, The Power of Connection
and Community during Times of Crisis. So, Nicole, welcome
to the show. It's a pleasure to everyone.
Thank you, Ricardo. I'm so happy to be here.
Right, so I mean, perhaps tell us first, what
is the main argument of your book?
Mhm. Yes, so the main argument of my book
is that when we think about self-care, we often
think about like doing something for yourself in a,
you know, solitary way, but actually through Nearly like
8 years of research, interviewing psychologists, neuroscientists, um, sociologists,
um, all different types of scientists, I found that
actually the act of altruism, being of service to
others can help you build resilience. And in other
words, it can be another form of self-care. Um,
AND specifically, it can help, it kind of be
like the antidote to loneliness and anxiety.
And what is it that you call the self-care
industrial complex, and what does it tell people in
terms of how they should deal with their personal
crisis?
Mhm. Yes, so the self-care industrial complex is basically
big corporations trying to sell us the idea that
in order to feel good and to feel, I
always say this in quotes, happy. And I can
get into why I do that later, um, that
you need to buy something, you need to buy
some sort of experience to, to feel good. So
we have, I mean, clearly we have like the
beauty industry, which is, you know, a multi-billion dollar
industry, but we also have the wellness industry right
now, and that's also a multi-billion dollar industry. And
that's promoting all different types of You know, retreats,
um, different kind of alternative health trends. And so,
yeah, that's, you know, that really keeps us, yes,
of course, we need exercise. I mean, there is
in America, you know, a, a health crisis, you
could say. I mean, people aren't living as long
compared to, um, longevity rates in other countries in,
in the Western world. But, um, basically, you know,
Going back to the root of of good health
is connection to others. And through that, you can
be kind to others. And that's actually a way
to improve a free way to improve your health,
to improve your society, your immediate community, your own
quality of life, and it's also a way to
build resilience.
So that that aspect of connecting to others, do
you think then that this emphasis on individuals themselves
trying to improve their own self-care, I mean this
individualistic approach to self care is problematic then?
Yes, I do. I do think in many ways
it is problematic and I, you know, there's this
theory of the hedonic treadmill, um, that psychologists in
the 1970s kind of came up with, and the
idea is that You kind of have this level
of, you know, this base level of happiness, of
satisfaction in life, and that we're on this treadmill
constantly kind of like grasping for these experiences to
up that level. But really, that, you know, we
can reach a higher level for a temporary period
of time. But these scientists You know, found or
and hypothesized that actually you really always come back
to your base level. And then there was some
sort of discourse of like, what you need is
some, you need to kind of break out of
that, that routine, that rhythm. And I do believe
that, you know, by regularly volunteering in your life
and like prioritizing caring for others and kindness could
be one way to do that. But yeah, I
do think, you know, it is problematic, this kind
of individualized approach to self-care because it keeps people
focused on the self, and it can actually keep
people like in a state of rumination in their
head. It can keep people feeling lonely. Like if
people are feeling lonely, a meditation retreat isn't exactly
the right. You know, a solution to that. Um,
SOMETHING that's more social, that gives that person, you
know, more of a sense of purpose is probably
a better treatment for that.
And so when it comes to altruism in the
book, you talk about how in moments of crisis,
uh, I mean, even if for some people it
might it might sound paradoxical, it's when people feel
a deeper. Desire to help others even if they
themselves are in danger. So tell us about how
that happens. Why is it that in moments of
crisis or catastrophe we sometimes feel more connected to
others and wanting to help them more.
Yes, so the idea behind that, it's called bounded
solidarity, and when people are in the wake of
a crisis, they are bounded by this crisis, and
we see this happen after natural disasters like hurricanes
or wildfires. I mean, we can see it happen
after some sort of massive political Um, event or
upset, um, even, you know, from a more granular
perspective, if someone dies in your family, people come
together, people are really kind, trying to take care
of each other in that time. And so that
is a phenomenon that sociologists call bounded solidarity. And
like you said, it's when people feel like a
really deep need to help others. And in the
book, I I really explore that through the Napa
wildfires in 2017 when people you know who weren't
even directly affected by the wildfires, like they didn't
live in Napa, you know, their houses, you know,
weren't being directly affected. People just in the greater
area across the country just really wanted to help.
They wanted to donate. They wanted to give back
and help this community. And I think that's really
interesting because I think it speaks to how we
need altruism to survive as a species, that in
this time of crisis, usually media portrays that as
a time where people can be really selfish and
You know, we've seen that in a couple of
movies, but actually in real life, what we see
is like the complete opposite, that, and I'm sure
if any of your listeners have been through some
sort of crisis like that, like they know, they
know that when that's happening, they just, you feel
so deeply that you want to connect with your
community, that you want to help, that you want
to be of service. And it's, it's an interesting
phenomenon that's, you know, being studied. Um, SOME scientists
wonder like, do you need a crisis for that
to happen? And I kind of, you know, explore
that idea in the book. Um, BUT unfortunately, what
scientists do find is that that does fade. So
that is kind of in the immediate wake of
a crisis, but it usually fades as people return
to their everyday normal lives.
And can we prevent it from fading over time?
I mean, does a sort of sense of caring
also, can it work outside of moments of crisis?
Can we maintain it?
That's one of the biggest questions I raised in
my book. Um, I think I did have one
natural disaster scientist tell me like, you know, you
don't need it, but usually people are rallying around
some sort of Um, issue in their community. So
whether they're like disenfranchised or um like we find
in immigrant communities, people who are living in poverty,
like they do sometimes have a stronger sense of
bounded solidarity. Um, AND yes, so I don't know
if it can if it can persist. I think
in some ways it can, and I did. I
did show that in the book. For example, after
the wildfires, um, a group of teen boys, they
started Trying, you know, they wanted to help their
community, so they were going to different evacuation centers,
asking how we can help. The first evacuation center,
they were turned down, but they kept going. They
went to another evacuation center. They were like, How
can we help? We can't just sit in our
homes and like watch our community burn down. And
the second evacuation center told them like, You can
help us deliver supplies around town to people who
need it. And so they kind of started their
own. Their own, you know, service for the rest
of the week. And I mean that was in
2017, and they still have created a nonprofit. It's
called the Hero Foundation. And basically after like any
crisis in the community, they're on the ground, they're
helping, and they've recruited more teens, and I think
it's, yeah, really amazing. They do like diaper drives,
they do like river cleanups around the Napa River.
So that is just one example of how that
can persist. I heard of a similar story after
the LA wildfires that a teen created like Um,
like a shop where people could just come and
get free clothes, and now she has like a
permanent location in LA after that so people can
go and just get like free supplies. It's like
a totally like gifting store. Essentially people can donate
their stuff and then people can go when they
need something. So I think in like very small
ways we can see it sustained, but I think
that immediate feeling that people have after a crisis.
It does, it does fade, and it's because we
live in a capitalist society. It's because we live
in a society where we put profit over caring
and giving for others, um, and because we very
much live in like a scarcity mindset, and those
are just a few reasons I was told like
why it doesn't sustain for a longer period of
time.
In recent times, people have talked a lot about
the loneliness epidemic. Do you think that it is,
or it could be an impediment to a culture
of caring in non-crisis times?
I think the loneliness crisis is actually a result
of living in a culture that doesn't prioritize caring
for others and doesn't prioritize connection. We've seen so
many of our everyday interactions become automated by technology.
We can order our groceries online. We can I
mean, you can order anything online, um, even like
the news media that we consume is very individualized
now. And as a result, that's taken away everyday
moments where we can connect with other people. And
it doesn't mean like having A new best friend.
It's just people you interact with in your everyday
life. And one professor at UCLA when I was
talking about this with him, gave me an example
that how, you know, it used to be that
you would go to your butcher, local butcher, and
you went, you know, however many times a week
and just through Purchasing meat and, and food from
him, you would learn about his life and you
would maybe learn, you know, one day that his
kid was sick. And you would be able, because
you're developing, you know, consistently that relationship with him.
You're not best friends, but you're interacting with him
every day and he's somewhat of, you know, an
important figure in your life. Um, YOU'RE, you're getting
to know him, you know, his kid is sick,
so you care about him. So maybe then you,
that gives you an opportunity to do something nice
for that butcher to like ask, you know, hey,
can I help you with this, or maybe you
bring like a little stuffed animal for his son
and his, you know, whoever's struggling. And That is
the moment where you're given the opportunity to be
kind to someone and show that you care for
someone, and that is good for your health. Um,
WE don't have as many opportunities like that in
everyday life right now. So we really need to
focus on creating more of those. And yeah, I
think the loneliness epidemic is in part, and there
is research to show this. As a result of
the automation of all of the rise in technology
that we've seen.
So when it comes to altruistic acts, we can
do, there's many different kinds of things from random
acts of kindness, kindness to group volunteering. Um, ARE
the benefits the same across all kinds of altruist
acts and activities, or do they vary?
So they vary. Science shows that I say like
the peak optimal thing that you can do is
um volunteer for something that you care, you know,
deeply about. Regularly, and, you know, maybe once a
week. Um, AND it's, you know, you're kind of
returning to a group and a cause that you
care about and you're, you're making a routine out
of that. That is probably how you would see
like the optimal health benefits of volunteering, but not
everyone has the time to do that. And so,
In my book, I talk about how people go
through seasons of giving, seasons of receiving, and seasons
of witnessing. So even just like witnessing acts of
kindness is good for our health. Um, AND you're
not going to experience the benefits of giving if
you're not in the season of giving. And what
that means is like, do you have actually like
the time and space to volunteer regularly? If like
I'm A mom of two young children right now,
and unfortunately, I don't have the time and I
work. So I'm not in a season of giving.
I've been in seasons of giving where I've regularly
volunteered and it's been wonderful and I wish so
badly I could be doing that right now, but
I can't. So, you know, you kind of have
to dial it back. But I think that when
you have to dial it back and do what
fits your life, it's like Trying to make an
impact in your direct community and people who you
are interacting with on a daily basis. So, like
one example I have is like I have a
group of moms that I'm really, you know, friendly
with and I'm always talking to other parents. So
it's just, I have an 8 month old and
it's little things like when he's grown out of
his clothes, I, you know, shoot a text to
another mom, hey, like I have these clothes, can
I come over and drop them off if, you
know, they'll be helpful to you. So small things
like that. But yeah, I mean the research shows
that definitely in-person volunteering is, I guess you could
say like better than just donating money. At the
same time, donating money in the wake of a
crisis, like let's say if you're Online, there's another
wildfire in California and you're like watching all of
these, you know, all of this destruction happening on
your phone and you're like it's going to evoke
anxiety in you. You're going to feel anxious, you're
going to probably go into fight or flight. It
might bring up feelings of climate change for you,
but if in that moment you come across like
a GoFundMe to help a family and you donate,
in that moment, that's going to give you a
sense of purpose and feeling like you're doing something
instead of feeling like you're sitting amid all of
this chaos and feeling like everything's out of control.
And why is kindness and volunteering so powerful for
its participants? I mean, what kinds of psychological effects
does it have on them?
Mhm. Well, what I say is that, I mean,
first, it is a way to build resilience in
us. I think it's a way to, for people
to experience transformation. And going back to the self-care
industrial complex and the wellness industrial complex, people, I
think, are seeking some sort of transformation, some sort
of greater feeling of satisfaction in their lives. Um,
AND that's why, you know, a lot of like
why You say happiness in quotes, because I don't
think people are chasing happiness. They're chasing, they want
some sort of transformation, some sort of, like I
said, greater feeling a greater satisfaction in their lives.
And so altruism is really a way for us
to Connect with other people on a more vulnerable
level, and through that, it can help us build
resilience to face future crises in our lives. And
that kind of explains the connection to why I
researched, you know, this idea of bounded solidarity in
the wake of a crisis, because it doesn't matter,
you know. Who you are your entire life, you're
going to have some sort of crisis happen. Things
are going to happen. There are going to be
very difficult moments in life. That is life. Nothing
is going to stop that from happening, but what
you can do is build your resilience to facing
that. And so altruism, like I said, it being
kind to another person, showing that you care about
another person. That helps you build a different level
of connection with someone, instead of just like seeing
them once a week at some sort of hobby
you're involved in, which is great, but people remember
when they're on the receiving end of an act
of kindness. So then when you're in a crisis,
your community is going to show up for you.
And like I said before, when your community is
in crisis and you're of service to them, that
gives you a sense of purpose, that, and it,
it really is good for your health. Now, more,
you know, kind of what happens with the body
is that when we are in a state of
fight or flight, Like, you know, really big, we're
really feeling anxious about something. Our frontal lobes of
the brain, they shut down. Our higher order shuts
down. And acts of kindness and altruism can be
a way to bring that back online. It can
reset the parasympathetic system. So that's one way that
we know, that's kind of like the big way
that that it helps. And another way is, you
know, there are other research shows that helping others
can possibly slowly decline aging, or it can help
you age better. We know that research shows that
people who volunteer regularly have fewer hospital visits as
they age, um, which is, you know, and they're
actually living longer. Um, WE know that it can
also slow the decline of disease acceleration, and that
comes from really having a sense of purpose, um,
and also kind of slowing down that parasympathetic nervous
system. So, yeah, there's a lot of research out
there that shows that there's, it can really improve
your health and And give you, yeah, you know,
good physical health, mental health, psychological health, emotional health.
You mentioned the brain. Tell us a little bit
more about the neuroscience of altruism. How, what do
we know about how altruism works in the brain?
Mhm. Yes, so one way that it works is
that I call it, it's like nature's fire extinguisher,
and that's because of the love hormone called oxytocin.
And that is one way that it can calm
our stress response and it makes connection possible. Um,
SO we know that there have been like experiments
where scientists gave oxytocin to mice that had never
been around babies before, and suddenly when they were
given oxytocin, those mice were like nurturing these pups.
So It really, like when you experience oxytocin through
the act of giving or and caring for others,
and it doesn't have to be like caring for
kids, um, it does make you want to be
kinder. And we do have research that shows that
like Even if you witness an act of kindness,
that makes you more likely to give and be
kinder in your life, like moving on from witnessing
that act. Um, ANOTHER part of the neuroscience is
that Altruism, it can, you know, there's emerging research
to show that it can be like a muscle,
um, and studies on compassion meditation show that when
people practice it regularly, that the brain regions linked
to empathy and emotional regulation, they actually like grow
stronger. Um, SO, I mean, in a way, it's
like maybe you can, by practicing kindness and altruism,
you can actually kind of like build that muscle
in your brain. Um, AND like I said too,
one of the big ways is that You, you
know, when you're in fight or flight mode from
like chronic stress, you're just feeling chronically stressed, um,
that sends you into fight or flight mode. It
shuts down, you know, the frontal lobes of your
brain, and kindness can really be an antidote to
that. I mean, I have, I had neuroscientists tell
me like, kindness and altruism is not like a
nice fluffy thing to have for good brain health.
It's actually a must-have for good brain health.
Uh, ONE very interesting benefit of a culture of
caring you talk about in your book is that
people can become more resilient, which is, which I
think is very interesting because since we, and by
we I mean we in the West live in
these more individualistic cultures, um. We tend to think
that people have, have to become more resilient by
themselves, I mean individually, but actually it seems that,
I, I mean at least according to the research
you present in the book that they can also
do it through connecting and caring for other people,
right?
Mhm. Yes, exactly. I mean, and I think we
see that in, you know, like we were talking
about in the wake of a crisis, um, You
know, disaster resilience professors say. Like hiding in your
house after a crisis and like removing yourself from
society is not going to help you survive. What's
going to help you survive is building like a
mutual aid program where you know which neighbor has
canned food. Where you know which neighbor has toilet
paper or paper goods, and you can create, you
know, like a system where people are giving and
sharing and helping each other, and I think that
really speaks to the strength of living in a
culture of caring. And what I mean by that
is it's a culture that prioritizes caring for others,
and, you know, they do that through policy, they
do that through You know, the different like industries
and systems that exist. It's, it's, you know, if
you're a manager of a business, like prioritizing caring
for your employees, um, and it takes many, I
think it will take many people to make that
happen in the West, but we need to care,
you know, we need to prioritize caring to survive
as a species, and I, you know, multiple scientists
told me that, and I do think that A
lot of the health problems that we do see
in the West are, you know, maybe, I don't
know if they're directly a result, but indirectly a
result of not having a culture of caring, of
prioritizing profit over caring for others, of living in
this individualized society. I mean we very much live
Thinking, oh, survival of the fittest, but actually research
shows that survival of the kindest, kindest might be,
you know, actually what's going to help humans survive
and live longer.
What is it that you call systemic caring? What
is that?
Yeah, so systemic caring is what I just said.
It would just be creating a culture that prioritizes
the act of caring for others, that it, it
doesn't, it's Not exactly. I mean, I wouldn't say
like, I wouldn't say it's not a capitalist society,
but it's a culture that there's a general consensus
that being kind and caring for others is a
priority, is the priority. And yeah, it's very vague
in general, but I mean I think it's like
approaching your everyday life or wherever you know you
are in your everyday life and and living by
that mindset. And I talk about this in the
book, it's a mindset of being like a steward
for this world, for other people. And It can
look like universal healthcare, it can look like offering
paid sick leave, it could be offered like look
like universal basic income, which I know these are
like very can be seen to some people as
like very radical progressive policies, but I actually think
that they're reflective of a culture that cares about
people, the people who, you know, live in the
society, so. Yeah, that's what a culture of caring
is and I'm very interested in exploring it. In
my book, it was important to me that I
found people who are trying to build that right
now. So I did find, I know it might
seem To some people, like, oh, that's very far
away, but there are people in America who are
building and focusing on that right now.
And how can such a culture of systemic caring
be created? I mean, what steps should people take?
I don't have exact steps, um, but I think
it's like I said, just having a mindset that
caring is a strength, caring for others and caring
for society is a strength, and it's not a
weakness. I think we first need to kind of
like deconstruct how we value and see the act
of caregiving in our society. You know, it's very
gendered right now. It's typically associated with being unpaid,
and it's not seen as quote unquote strong. Um,
SO I think you know, first kind of deconstructing
that is one way to take a step to
actually prioritize caring for others and caring for our
society, caring for our planet. Um. And but first
I think we need to kind of, you know,
deconstruct how we value and see the active caregiving
as a whole in our society.
Uh, BUT if being altruistic and helping others is
so good for us, then why is there burnout
among caregivers?
Yes, that's a very good question and one that
kind of like it haunted me as I was
writing this because I'm like, how can I write?
This book and say, Oh, caring for others is
so good for you. It has all these health
benefits and we need to build a culture of
caring when like report after report comes out and
says like, caregivers are so burned out, they're lonely.
I can't write this book and tell unpaid caregivers,
actually, to feel better, you need to care for
others more. And so I was trying, you know,
that was kind of a question that I was
constantly trying to answer and kind of parse out.
And basically what I landed on is because we
live in a society where caregivers aren't cared for.
They are forced to caregive alone with no resources,
they get no breaks, no rest, and that's a
huge problem. If you're forced to caregive like that
all the time, of course you're going to be
burned out and you're going to be lonely. So
you know that's why I write in the book
as well, that like The benefits of giving of
altruism, you're not going to experience that unless you're
in a season of giving. I would actually say
like right now, unpaid caregivers, they're in a season
of receiving, actually. I mean, yes, maybe they're taking
care of like an elderly parent or they're parenting.
But they really need a lot of support too.
And when we bring it back to building a
culture of caring, we need to make sure that
we're building a culture that cares for caregivers and
that caregivers are given like paid leave to caregive,
that they can have protection to go back to
their jobs, that we have policies or systems in
place where caregivers can have breaks. So maybe that's
building a more, you know, family-friendly society where there's
like more Ah, you know, childcare, universal childcare. Oh,
well, you know, what an idea. Uh, FOR, you
know, taking care of elderly, elderly elderly or, or,
you know, sick family members, you know, we, we
need more support for people to do that, more
accessible support, um, in our society.
So one final question then, what can people do
if they are not in a circumstance where they
can give to others? I mean if they just
do not have the resources or the time or
whatever whatever it is needed to or whatever they
need to give to others.
I think that first of all, it's OK. Like
you don't have to give and be in a
position to give to others at every moment in
your life. So just give yourself permission to be
like, I'm in a season of survival right now.
I'm in a season of receiving. And witnessing. But
I think there can be some sort of like
universal contract where then when you get to a
place where you can give and care for others
and prioritize that in your life, you, you are
doing that. But also, caring for others doesn't have
to be like a big grand thing. It can
be very small as well. And I think that
everyone, no matter where they are in their life,
will feel good after doing a small random act
of kindness to someone in their life, because Caring
for others and being of service to others is
a basic human need that we need. As a
human, you want to feel that purpose and that
connection with other people. It is like a very
basic part of being human. So even if you're
not in a season where you can volunteer or
do something, you know, that you would really like
to do, but you just really don't have the
time and resources, just Asking someone, just listening to
someone, listening without reaction, I say. Just being there
for a friend, picking up the phone and checking
in on someone. How are you doing? Um, OR
even if you see someone you know on a
walk that needs help in some way or looks
a little distressed, how are you? Or introducing yourself
and just being an ear, someone to listen. Research
shows that listening Without reaction actually helps you build
empathy. And it's also, I say, an act of
caring to just listen to someone.
OK, so the book is again Your Brain on
Altruism, the Power of Connection and Community during times
of crisis. I'm of course leaving a link to
it in the description of the interview. Uh, AND
Nicole, just before we go, uh, would you like
to tell people where they can find you and
your work on the internet?
Yes. Um, I have a website, Nicolemcarlos.com. I'm on
Instagram at Nicole Carlos, and I actually just started
a sub-stack called A Culture of Caring, where I'm
trying to keep the conversation going from my book
and explore the ways that we can build a
culture of caring.
Great. So thank you so much for taking the
time to come on the show. It's been a
fascinating conversation.
Thank you, Ricardo. Thank you for having me. This
is so fun.
Hi guys, thank you for watching this interview until
the end. If you liked it, please share it,
leave a like and hit the subscription button. The
show is brought to you by Enlights Learning and
Development done differently. Check their website at enlights.com and
also please consider supporting the show on Patreon or
PayPal. I would also like to give a huge
thank you to my main patrons and PayPal supporters,
Perergo Larsson, Jerry Muller, Frederick Sundo, Bernard Seyaz Olaf,
Alex, Adam Cassel, Matthew Whittingbird, Arnaud Wolff, Tim Hollis,
Eric Elena, John Connors, Philip Forst Connolly. Then Dmitri
Robert Windegeru Inai Zu Mark Nevs, Colin Holbrookfield, Governor,
Michel Stormir, Samuel Andrea, Francis Forti Agnun, Svergoro, and
Hal Herzognun, Machael Jonathan Labran, John Yardston, and Samuel
Curric Hines, Mark Smith, John Ware, Tom Hammel, Sardusran,
David Sloan Wilson, Yasilla Dezaraujo Romain Roach, Diego Londono
Correa. Yannik Punter DaRosmani, Charlotte Blis Nicole Barbaro, Adam
Hunt, Pavlostazevski, Alekbaka Madison, Gary G. Alman, Semov, Zal
Adrian Yei Poltonin, John Barboza, Julian Price, Edward Hall,
Edin Bronner, Douglas Fry, Franco Bartolati, Gabriel Pancortez or
Suliliski, Scott Zachary Fish, Tim Duffy, Sony Smith, John
Wisman. Daniel Friedman, William Buckner, Paul Georg Jarno, Luke
Lovai, Georgios Theophanous, Chris Williamson, Peter Wolozin, David Williams,
Dio Costa, Anton Ericsson, Charles Murray, Alex Shaw, Marie
Martinez, Coralli Chevalier, Bangalore atheists, Larry D. Lee Junior.
Old Eringbon. Esterri, Michael Bailey, then Spurber, Robert Grassy,
Zigoren, Jeff McMahon, Jake Zul, Barnabas Raddix, Mark Kempel,
Thomas Dovner, Luke Neeson, Chris Story, Kimberly Johnson, Benjamin
Galbert, Jessica Nowicki, Linda Brendan, Nicholas Carlson, Ismael Bensleyman.
George Ekoriati, Valentine Steinmann, Per Crawley, Kate Van Goler,
Alexander Obert, Liam Dunaway, BR, Massoud Ali Mohammadi, Perpendicular,
Jannes Hetner, Ursula Guinov, Gregory Hastings, David Pinsov, Sean
Nelson, Mike Levin, and Jos Necht. A special thanks
to my producers Iar Webb, Jim Frank Lucas Stink,
Tom Vanneden, Bernardine Curtis Dixon, Benedict Mueller, Thomas Trumbull,
Catherine and Patrick Tobin, John Carlomon Negro, Al Nick
Cortiz, and Nick Golden, and to my executive producers,
Matthew Lavender, Sergio Quadrian, Bogdan Kanis, and Rosie. Thank
you for all.